hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is the 2017 Inspiron 7,000 so
the model last year the seven five five
nine was a huge hit 800 or gaming laptop
that kind of hit most of the points
pretty well it was just a really good
budget gaming laptop this model the
seven five six seven it's been
redesigned the exteriors a little bit
different
the interior is revamped new hardware
new cable a chips new GTX 10 50 cards
but the price has stayed the same let's
take a look so it's red and black again
or kind of like dark grey but I actually
like this design it's got the sleek
minimal look going on and the red
accents aren't in your face they're
angled away or hidden behind grills but
if you still want to go super red they
have that option as well so last year's
model was already a very solid feeling
device the new one is equal if not
better in build quality everything feels
sturdy there's very little flex on the
screen and chassis the one weakness I
would say would be this hinge it's built
well I'm not seeing any play here but
the hinges are positioned closer to the
center like this so there's more
opportunity for it to twist every time
you open it up there's soft touch
plastic again I was worried about this
last year because when you scratch it it
leaves a mark but it seems to hold up
nicely if you're careful it does show
fingerprints pretty easily though it has
a standard port selection for the price
point there's three USB three HDMI audio
Ethernet and an SD card slot
there's no USB C port so there's no Sun
durable three it's super easy to get
inside single screw and you get two RAM
slots it's now running ddr4 memory so
speeds are a little bit faster and you
can go up to 32 gigs because of this the
two and half inch SATA drive is here and
there's an empty slot for a second drive
both of these drives are replaceable and
or upgradable the battery is pretty big
is 74 watt hours and I'll get you on six
hours of battery life of normal use if
you're playing games it's closer to an
hour and a half this uses a tiny PTN
panel it's the same panel is a 2014
lenovo y50 and it's not very good
doesn't get very bright and the color
accuracy out of the box is weak
calibration makes it better but the
viewing angles are poor there's a very
noticeable color and contrast shift when
you tilt the screen both up and down and
left and right now keep in mind that
this is an $800 laptop with a GTX 10/15
it they got to make some compromises to
sell it at that price and in this
particular case is the screen it's not
that the screen is like Superbad or
anything I've definitely seen worse
but because of how good the rest of the
hardware is this sticks out as being the
weakest link so if you really need a
good screen you got to upgrade this
thing to the 4k panel it's obviously
more expensive but you got to do that if
you can't stand a mediocre screen the
webcam up top is 720p looks ok the
keyboard feels really similar to last
year's model there's nothing I really
dislike about it
the layout is good backlighting is red
key feel pretty comfortable a little
stiff on the response you have to tap
harder than normal but it's a very good
keyboard overall there's one issue
that's not really related to the
keyboard itself it's this bottom left
corner so it's pretty pointy my natural
resting position doesn't hit it but if
you have big forearms or if you have
like a wide resting position for your
left arm this might bug you the trackpad
is good it uses Windows precision
drivers I like seeing that but it's a
plastic surface again not gloss the
tracking is decent it performs fine too
just doesn't feel premium but the thing
that makes this trackpad good is to
click mechanism it has good pressure
activation and it's a very snappy click
it's satisfying to use when I'm playing
games
my palms sometimes make contact with the
trackpad but the palm rejection software
works well okay so for $800 you're
getting a KB Lake i-5 and a GTX 1050 and
if you want to bump that up to the 1050
Ti it's next for 100 bucks and then if
you want the i7 like the quad core i7
it's 50 bucks on top of that now it
doesn't matter all of these are kind of
like decent purchases but I would highly
recommend trying to get the 1050 Ti
because that's just a good value for
what you're getting in terms of gaming
performance so compared to the 960 m
from last year the 1050 is about 25%
better and then the 1050 Ti is another
25% on top of that so playing on that
chip at 1080p lighter games like
overwatch will comfortably float over
100 frames per second on high graphics
bumping it up to ultra will still get
you over 60 frames per second titanfall
2 also runs near 60 frames per sec
on high graphics on the 1050 Ti but
basically most modern titles allowance
or optimized can hit 60 frames per
second with very nice-looking image
quality at 1080p if you want to know
more about these video cards be
subscribed and watch my next video
there's also something pretty special
there the thermal management is fine
there's no real CPU throttling during
games idle fan noise is pretty quiet and
isn't too bad even unload but there's no
option to manually control it it's done
automatically surface temperature is
also comfortable
there's no nasty hot spots that I could
see speakers are not bad there's a pair
up at the front behind the red grill
with a sub on the bottom they're pretty
loud and the lower frequencies from the
sub are present like it's not super
powerful bass or anything but you can
tell that it's there all right what's
the inspiron seven five six seven from
Dell we're looking at a budget gaming
laptop it uses a lot of plastic but has
surprisingly good build quality the
1080p screen is a TN panel that looks
decent head on but has poor viewing
angles and doesn't get very bright the
backlit keyboard is a little stiff but
it has a good layout the trackpad is
solid inside the KB egg CPU options and
the gtx 1050 or 1050 TI deliver very
good gaming performance for the money
and are well cooled the ram and the to
drive slots are incredibly easy to
access for upgrades after purchasing and
the 74 watt hour battery gives you
around 6 hours of battery life so here's
the deal for $800 you're getting a
device that can play most games at 1080p
at 60 frames per second or higher with
really good image quality and if you
want to you can pay that extra 100 bucks
so that's what 10 12 percent more money
for 25% more performance with the TI so
if you want to do that I mean I would
kind of steer most people towards
getting a 10 50 P eye but if you can't
the baseball is still really good
overall great device great components
aside from the display great build
quality good performance good value I
think they did a really good job on this
one hope you guys enjoyed this video a
thumbs if you did something beloved it
see you guys next time
[Music]